Workshop on Exploratory Search and Interactive Data Analytics (ESIDA)
 
Los Angeles, USA, March 20, 2019
 
Hosted by ACM IUI 2019, March 17-20, 201
 
https://sites.google.com/view/esida2019
 
 
Important dates
 
Submission deadline: December 17, 2018 (midnight Hawaii time)
 
Acceptance notification: January 23, 2019
 
Final manuscript due: February 6, 2019
 
 
Workshop Topic and Description
 
In recent years, retrieval techniques operating on text or semantic
annotations, have become the industry standard for retrieval from large
data collections, such as documents, images, videos, music, medical data.
This approach works well with sufficient high-quality meta-data or tagging.
However, with the explosive growth of big data collections, it has become
apparent that tagging new data quickly and efficiently is not always
possible. Secondly, even if instantaneous high-quality data tagging were
possible, there would still be many instances, where search by keyword
query is problematic. For example, in the case of image retrieval it might
be easier for a user to define their query if they are looking for an image
of a cat, but how would they specify that the cat should be of a particular
shade of ginger with sad looking eyes? A solution to these problems is
active engagement of the user in the information retrieval loop, thus
enabling the user to not only explore a given dataset more easily but also
gradually direct their search to a more specific area of the search space.
 
 
The aim of this workshop is to explore new methods and interface/system
design for interactive data analytics and management in various domains,
including specialised text collections (e.g. legal, medical, scientific),
multimedia, and bioinformatics, as well as for various tasks, such as
semantic information retrieval, conceptual organization and clustering of
data collections for sense-making, semantic expert profiling, and
document/multimedia recommender systems. The primary audience of the
workshop is researchers and practitioners in the area of interactive and
personalized system design as well as interactive machine learning both
  from academia and industry. IUI, with its focus on the intersection of HCI
and AI, is a perfect venue where researchers from system/interface design
community and the machine learning community can meet.
 
 
Workshop Target Areas
 
The workshop aims to solicit submissions in all areas of interactive data
analytics and exploratory search including:
 
- design, testing and assessment of interactive systems for data analytics
 
- interactive data visualization for exploratory and investigative analysis
 
- interactive classification and clustering of data
 
- user-assisted curation and validation of the analysis process, and
generation of data visualizations
 
- user engagement in the semantic analysis process via suitable annotation
and correction tools
 
- study of the trade-off between accuracy of the results and user effort
 
- personalization and user modeling related to interactive system design
 
 
Submissions aimed at solving practical problems in specific application
domains are especially welcome, including:
 
- digital libraries
 
- legal document management
 
- personalized online learning systems
 
- news media
 
- biomedical data
 
- multimedia collections
 
- specialized image and video collections, e.g. medical images.
 
 
We encourage submissions of work in progress, concept papers, case studies,
and generally material that will stimulate discussion, generate useful
feedback to the authors, encourage research collaborations and vigorous
exchange of ideas on promising research directions, in one of the following
formats:
 
- full papers (up to 8 pages in the ACM SIGCHI format), which will be
presented either as contributed talks or posters
 
- extended abstracts (up to 4 pages in the ACM SIGCHI format), which will
be presented as posters with a possibility to be accompanied by a demo.
 
 
Submission information
 
Submissions to the workshop will be through EasyChair,

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=esida19
 
Workshop date
 
March 20, 2019
 
Workshop location
 
Marriott Marina Del Rey, Los Angeles, CA, USA -
https://iui.acm.org/2019/venue_transportation.html
 
Keynote Speaker
 
John O'Donovan: University of California, Santa Barbara, USA
 
 
Organizers
 
Dorota Glowacka,
 
School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, dorota.glowacka at ed.ac.uk
 
Evangelos Milios,
 
Faculty of Computer Science, Dalhousie University, eem at cs.dal.ca
 
Axel J. Soto,
 
School of Computer Science, University of Manchester,
axel.soto at manchester.ac.uk
 
Fernando V. Paulovich,
 
Faculty of Computer Science, Dalhousie University, paulovich at dal.ca
 
Denis Parra,
 
Department of Computer Science, Pontificia Universidad CatÃ³lica de Chile,
dparra at ing.puc.cl
 
Osnat (Ossi) Mokryn,
 
Department of Information and Knowledge Management, University of Haifa
(Israel), omokryn at univ.haifa.ac.il