Director of the Center of Big Data at NJIT
==========================================

The Ying Wu College of Computing (YWCC) at the New Jersey Institute of
Technology (http://computing.njit.edu/) invites applications for a
tenure-track/tenured faculty member to serve as the Director of the
Center for Big Data (CBD).  Candidates must have a PhD in computer
science or a related discipline with a demonstrated track record of
scholarly accomplishments commensurate with the appointment at the
rank of Associate Professor or above. Appropriate areas of expertise
include, but are not limited to: pattern recognition, machine
learning, natural language processing, social media, analytics,
high-performance computing for integration, analysis, visualization,
and stream processing of very large amounts of structured,
semi-structured, or unstructured data in areas such as business data,
scientific data, medical data, etc.

The Center for Big Data at NJIT, https://centers.njit.edu/bigdata/ is
a new multi-disciplinary center designed to synergize the strong
expertise in various disciplines across the NJIT campus and develop a
rich set of big data enabling technologies and services. The CBD aims
to investigate, develop, and apply cutting-edge technologies to
address unprecedented challenges in Data Science and Big Data with
high Volume, high Velocity, high Variety, and high Veracity, in order
to create high Value. The CBD groups faculty from Computer Science,
Informatics, Math, Statistics and Management.

The successful candidate will hold a faculty appointment in the
department of Computer Science and build the CDB into a vibrant
research group. As the Director of the CDB he/she must attract funding
and develop collaborative relationships with industry. He/she must
demonstrate recognition for productivity and achievement in research
and the ability to work collaboratively with colleagues. The ideal
candidate should have a strong business sense, experience in new
program/center development and an understanding of what it takes to
enhance research funding in a competitive environment. Exceptional
organizational and communication skills, financial acumen and the
potential to fundraise are essential. As a faculty member of the
Computer Science department, he/she is expected to (1) teach
undergraduate and graduate classes within an adjusted workload,
supervise graduate students; (2) develop and teach new graduate and/or
undergraduate classes and (3) serve the Department, the College and
the University.

Reporting to NJIT Senior Vice Provost for Research, the Director of
the Center for Big Data will have his/her primary appointment in the
Computer Science department within YWCC. NJIT's Computer Science
Department 40 faculty and approximately 1600 students at all levels
across nine programs of study. The Computer Science Department
participates alongside NJIT's Informatics Department in generating the
largest pool of computing talent in the tri-state (CT, NJ, NY)
area. The department conducts research in a wide range of areas and
plays a key role in the NJIT Center for Big Data and the NJIT
Cybersecurity Research Center. The department has strong connections
with local industry and works closely with many corporations through
student Capstone projects, internships, co-ops and joint R&D projects.

The Computer Science Department is housed in a state-of-the art
facility renovated in Fall 2018. The department resides within the
Ying Wu College of Computing, which is undergoing significant growth
as a priority area for NJIT. This growth is an integral part of NJIT's
five-year strategic plan, called Vision 2020, which calls for
consolidating NJIT as a world-class institution of higher education
and research.  Applied research, collaboration with industry,
innovation and entrepreneurship are encouraged and
supported. Performance and tenure expectations are aligned with those
of the broader computing community, with an emphasis on grant funding
and publishing in top conferences and journals.

The Ying Wu College of Computing comprises 23% of the NJIT enrollment,
educating more than 2,800 students in computing disciplines, and
graduating close to 800 computing professionals every year.  NJIT is
located in Newark's University Heights, a vibrant sprawling downtown
campus close to Rutgers-Newark, New Jersey Innovation Institute, Essex
Community College, New Jersey Medical School, University Hospital, and
Rutgers School of Dental Medicine. NJIT is just a 30-minute train ride
from New York City and its burgeoning Silicon Alley tech sector. In
the near future, NJIT plans to open a facility in Jersey City, just
across the Hudson River from the financial district of Lower Manhattan
in New York City.

To Apply

Applications received by December 31, 2018 will receive full
consideration. However, applications are welcome until the position is
filled. To apply, please follow this link:  
https://njit.csod.com/ats/careersite/JobDetails.aspx?site=1&id=935
Applications must include a cover letter, a curriculum vita, and the names and contact information of five references.
Supplemental materials and inquiries may be emailed to big-data-director-search-group@njit.edu

As an EEO employer, NJIT is committed to building a diverse and
inclusive teaching, research, and working environment and strongly
encourages applications from individuals with disabilities,
minorities, veterans and women.    