The Amherst College Department of Computer Science invites applications for a
full-time tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor, beginning
July 1, 2019. Candidates in all areas of computer science are encouraged to
apply.  Within the last decade, Amherst College has profoundly transformed its
student body in terms of socioeconomic status, ethnicity, race, and nationality.
Today, nearly one-quarter of Amherstâ€™s students are Pell Grant recipients; 45
percent of our students identify as domestic students of color; and 10 percent
of our students are international students. Our expectation is that the
successful candidate will excel at teaching and mentoring students who are
broadly diverse with regard to race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, gender,
nationality, sexual orientation, and religion.

The successful candidate must have a Ph.D. in computer science in hand or have
fulfilled all requirements for the degree by the start of the appointment. We
seek a colleague who is committed to excellence in undergraduate computer
science education and in research, who is enthusiastic about teaching courses in
a variety of areas, and who is excited about involving undergraduate students in
research projects. The teaching responsibility is two courses each semester. The
successful candidate will also supervise senior honors projects.

Amherst College is a small, highly selective liberal arts college located in
Western Massachusetts, about two hours drive from Boston and three hours from
New York City.  The college is part of the Five College Consortium, which
supports collaborations with nearby Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith
Colleges, and with the University of Massachusetts. Students and faculty enjoy
top-notch computing facilities, including technology-equipped classrooms,
computer and hardware labs, and a high-performance computing cluster.

A cover letter, curriculum vitae and three confidential letters of
recommendation should be submitted electronically to
https://apply.interfolio.com/54964.  In the cover letter, please briefly
describe your current research agenda; what would be attractive to you about
teaching at a liberal arts college; and what background, experience, or
interests are likely to make you a strong teacher of a diverse range of Amherst
College students.  Applications received by November 15, 2018, will be assured
of full consideration.  Review of applications will continue until the position
is filled.

Amherst College is an equal opportunity employer and encourages persons of all
genders, persons of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. The college
is committed to enriching its educational experience and its culture through the
diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff.

For questions, contact the department chair, Prof. Lyle McGeoch, at
lamcgeoch@amherst.edu.