       ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR IN LARGE-SCALE QUERY PROCESSING 
   AT THE NORWEGIAN UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (NTNU)

The Faculty of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering at
the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)
http://www.ntnu.edu/ie invites applications for a full-time permanent
associate professor in Databases affiliated with the Department of
Computer Science, in Trondheim http://www.ntnu.edu/idi 
The position is affiliated with the Data and Artificial Intelligence
(DART) group https://www.ntnu.edu/idi/people/dart 

Please note that in the Norwegian university system, there is
essentially only two academic ranks for candidates with a PhD (Full
Professor and Associate Professor), so the requirements for the
announced position are similar to the Assistant Professor rank in
many other countries. In particular, for the announced position, we
especially encourage young researchers (with a PhD and some postdoc
experience) to apply.

ABOUT THE POSITION

Query processing has been an important research area for several
decades. The advent of Big Data (very large data volumes, frequently
arriving in a streaming manner, and a variety of data types) has
created new challenges that can only be solved by efficient use of
computing resources, and in particular by appropriate parallelization
of queries for the purpose of maximizing utilization of hardware
resources and processing frameworks.

Applicants must have a formal background in computer science, with
research focus on large-scale query processing. Preference will be
given to candidates with strong competence in parallel query
processing and/or in-memory databases, and in particular development
of algorithms for modern hardware (multicore and GPU). Candidates are
expected to have performed research on an international top level.

REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Applicants must have a doctorate in computer science, with a
specialisation in databases. Applicants should have a solid list of
peer reviewed publications within this area with publications from the
top venues in the area of database research.

Newly employed academic staffs who do not already master a
Scandinavian language are required to obtain knowledge of Norwegian or
another Scandinavian language within three years of taking up the
position. Courses are available at the University.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE

For detailed information about the position and application procedure, 
please see:
https://www.jobbnorge.no/en/available-jobs/job/155180/associate-professor-in-large-scale-query-processing-ie-145-2018

Deadline: 2018-10-01

If anybody has any informal questions regarding the position, please
don't hesitate contacting me (noervaag at ntnu.no). Formal contact
persons are given in the official announcement.

 