ï»¿
Women in Data Science and High Performance Computing (WDSHPC18)
December 17, 2018, Bangaluru, India
http://hipc.org/widshipc/


In conjunction with HiPC: 25th IEEE conference on High Performance Computing, Data,
and Analytics 2018

CALL FOR PAPERS

 

While the HPC and data science research offers an unprecedented
opportunity for growth in science, education, commerce, and
communication, it also opens up new challenges and opportunities of
engaging women. This workshop will provide a forum to bring together
researchers discussing advanced methods in data analytics and will deal
with practical applications where these can be used with key
contributions from women scientists. The goal of this workshop is to
bring together the state of the art research in the context of
broadening participation from women researchers. Authors are invited to
submit original unpublished research manuscripts that demonstrate
current research in all areas of high performance computing, data and
analytics. In addition, topics relevant to broadening participation from
women are also invited. Example topics include but are not limited to:

 

  * Analytics in application areas such as: wireless mobile networks,
    financial services, transportation, implantable medical devices,
    bioinformatics

  * Core Data Analytics approaches for heterogeneous data,
    spatio-temporal data and image data

  * Opportunities and challenges for Women researchers

  * Education in areas of Data Science and HPC 

  * Parallel and distributed computing, algorithms or tools for
    improving code performance on multi-node clusters.

 

Manuscript Guidelines

Submitted manuscripts should be structured as technical papers and may
not exceed ten (10) single-spaced double-column pages using 10-point
size font on 8.5Ã—11 inch pages (IEEE conference style), including
figures, tables, and references. 

Electronic submissions must be in the form of a readable PDF file. All
manuscripts will be reviewed by the Program Committee and evaluated on
originality, relevance of the problem to the conference theme, technical
strength, rigor in analysis, quality of results, and organization and
clarity of presentation of the paper.

 

Submitted papers must represent original unpublished research that is
not currently under review for any other conference or journal. 
 

*Presentation of an accepted paper at the workshop is a requirement of
publication. *Any paper that is not presented at the conference will not
be included in  proceedings.

 

 *Submission Portal*

 Easy chair link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=widshpc18

 


        *Important Dates*                                               
                                 

August 30, 2018:  Abstract Submission deadline                                         

September 9, 2018: Paper Submission deadline

September 26, 2018: Author Notification                                

October 3, 2018: Camera Ready Paper submission                                        
 


         


        Organising Committee 

Vandana Janeja, /University of Maryland, Baltimore County, USA/

Nitya Hariharan, /Intel, India/

P. Chitra, /Thiagarajar College of Engineering, India/

 


        Program Committee Members :

Karuna P. Joshi, /University of Maryland, Baltimore County/

Vijay Atluri, /Rutgers University/

Nabanita Das, /Advanced Computing & Microelectronics Unit Indian
Statistical Institute /

Yelena Yesha, /University of Maryland, Baltimore County/

Sonali Agarwal, /Indian Institute of Information Technology â€“ Allahabad /

Ranjani Parthasarathi, /Anna University, Chennai/

Hemangee Kapoor, /Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati /

Jyotsna Khemka, /Intel/

Lucy Erickson, /AAAS Science and Technology Policy Fellow/ 

 