** Joint Call for Workshop Papers @ ICAI 2018 **

ICAI Workshops
1st to 3rd November 2018
http://icai.itiud.org/workshops/

ICAI 2018, the International Conference on Applied Informatics, will
host four co-located workshops that will complement and enhance the
main conference program, offering a wider perspective around the
conference topics:

  - Workshop on Data Engineering and Analytics (WDEA 2018)
  - Workshop on Empirical Experiences on Software Reuse (WEESR 2018)
  - Workshop on Intelligent Transportation Systems (WITS 2018)
  - WorkShop on Smart Sustainable Cities (WSSC 2018)


**Important Dates**
  - Workshop Paper Submission: August 17th 2018
  - Workshop Paper Notification: September 7th 2018
  - Workshop Camera Ready: September 21st 2018


Note: The call for paper for Springer CCS proceeding is closed.
Workshop papers will be published by IEEE and will be accessible
through IEEE Xplore

=========================================================

**Workshop on Data Engineering and Analytics (WDEA 2018)**

More information: https://sites.google.com/utadeo.edu.co/icai-workshop-data/

Abstract: Data is everywhere. Data Analytics, Data Mining, Data
Science or more generally the practice of identifying patterns or
constructing mathematical models based on data is at the heart of most
new business models or projects. This together has led to a whole new
series of rapidly evolving tools, algorithms and methods which combine
data engineering, computer science, statistics and mathematics.

The aim of this Workshop is to present recent results in this area,
discussing new methods or algorithms, or applications including
Machine Learning, Databases, optimization or any type of algorithms
which consider managing or obtaining value from data.


=========================================================

**Workshop on Empirical Experiences on Software Reuse (WEESR 2018)**

More information: https://sites.google.com/view/weesr2018/index

Abstract: The main goal of WEESR is to present significantly
experience and challenges on the area of software reuse, particularly
domain engineering applied to both, software and software process, in
order to achieve an effective research methods and knowledge among
researchers and practitioners. The central themes are reuse scoping,
reuse business cases, feature models, variability models, model driven
and domain modeling, and architecture for both software and processes
as well as its relationships.

The workshop focuses on empirical experiences methodically conducted
including action research, surveys, case studies and experiments.
Participants could share as the experiences were planned, designed,
conducted and reported, contributing with new knowledge about how
empirical research must be conducted.


=========================================================

**Workshop on Intelligent Transportation Systems (WITS 2018)**

More information: https://sites.google.com/view/wits2018/

Abstract: This workshop aims to bring together researchers and
experts, to present and discuss current implementations of intelligent
transportation systems, analyze the challenges that must be overcomed
in these solutions and propose new approaches that can be applied in
future projects.


=========================================================

**WorkShop on Smart Sustainable Cities (WSSC 2018)**

More information: https://sites.google.com/utadeo.edu.co/icai-workshop-ssc

Abstract: The International Telecommunication Union ITU define a smart
sustainable city as : “An innovative city that uses information and
communication technologies (ICTs) and other means to improve quality
of life, efficiency of urban operation and services, and
competitiveness, while ensuring that it meets the needs of present and
future generations with respect to economic, social, environmental as
well as cultural aspects”.

The aim of this Workshop is to present recent results in this area,
discussing new methods or algorithms, or applications in different
areas including architecture, cultural, tourism, mobility, among
others.