[Apologies for multiple copies]

**********************************************************************************

  11th International Symposium on Foundations & Practice of Security (FPS 2018)

                       November 13-14-15, 2018 Montreal, Canada

                      Website: http://fps2018.encs.concordia.ca/

**********************************************************************************




Important Dates:
----------------

- Deadline for Short/Position Papers:  September 3, 2018 (anywhere in the world)
- Deadline for Full Papers:  September 3, 2018 (anywhere in the world)
- Acceptance Notification: October 8, 2018
- Camera Ready: October 22, 2018
- Conference: November 13-14-15, 2018


Scope:
------

The eleventh edition of FPS will be hosted by Concordia University in
Montreal, Canada, on November 13, 14 and 15 2018. We invite
researchers and practitioners from all countries working in security,
privacy, trustworthy data systems and related areas to participate in
the event.

Protecting the communication and data infrastructure of an
increasingly inter-connected world has become vital to the normal
functioning of all aspects of our world. Security has emerged as an
important scientific discipline whose many multifaceted complexities
deserve the attention and synergy of the mathematical, computer
science and engineering communities.

The aim of FPS is to discuss and exchange theoretical and practical
ideas that address security issues in inter-connected systems. It aims
to provide scientific presentations as well as to establish links,
promote scientific collaboration, joint research programs, and student
exchanges between institutions involved in this important and fast
moving research field.

We also invite papers from researchers and practitioners working in
security, privacy, trustworthy data systems and related areas to
submit their original papers. The main topics, but not limited to,
include:

    * Access Control Languages
    * Code Reverse Engineering and Vulnerability Exploitation
    * Computer and Network Security
    * Cryptography & Cryptanalysis
    * Data mining & watermarking
    * Distributed security protocols & policies
    * Formal foundations in information or operational security
    * Information theoretic security
    * Malware, botnet and advanced persistent threats
    * Privacy & sensitive data management
    * Policy-based distributed information systems
    * Policy-based security architectures
    * Security & privacy in digital currencies
    * Security & privacy in social networks
    * Security in sensor networks and RFIDs
    * Security of big-data
    * Security of cloud computing, grid computing
    * Security of distributed embedded middleware
    * Security of P2P systems
    * Security of service oriented architectures
    * Security management and security policies
    * Side channel & physical attacks
    * Social engineering
    * Threat analysis and trust management


Submissions Guidelines:
-----------------------

All submissions must be written in English. Full papers should be at
most 16 pages, including the bibliography and the appendices.
Committee members are not required to read the appendices, so the
paper should be intelligible without them. Short and Position papers
should be up to 8 pages. Authors should indicate whether their paper
is a 'Position paper' to differentiate them from regular ones
('Position paper' should be mentioned in the title).

Authors must submit their papers by the deadline indicated below,
using the EasyChair web site (using the link
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fps2018) and following the
requirements stated there. All papers will be refereed. The submitted
contribution should be formatted according to Springerâ€™s LNCS style
(TeX, Word). Submissions by PhD students as well as surveys and
controversial ideas are encouraged. Case studies (successful or not)
are also encouraged.

Publication:
------------

As in previous editions, proceedings will be published by
Springer-Nature in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)
series. At least one author of each accepted paper must register to
the symposium, by the date indicated by the organizers, and present
the paper.

Committees:
------------

General Chairs:

 - Frederic Cuppens (IMT Atlantique, France)

PC Chairs:

 - Nur Zincir-Heywood (Dalhousie University, Canada)
 - Guillaume Bonfante (Ecole des Mines de Nancy, France)
 - Mourad Debbabi (Concordia University, Canada)

Publications & Publicity Chairs:

 - Arash Mohammadi (Concordia University, Canada)
 - Joaquin Garcia-Alfaro (Telecom SudParis, France)

Organization chair

 - Amr Youssef (Concordia University, Canada)

Local Organization Chairs

 - Paria Shirani (Concordia University, Canada)
 - Jun Yan (Concordia University, Canada)

Steering Committee:

 - Frederic Cuppens (Telecom Bretagne, France)
 - Nora Cuppens-Boulahia (Telecom Bretagne, France)
 - Mourad Debbabi (Concordia University, Canada)
 - Joaquin Garcia-Alfaro (Telecom SudParis, France)
 - Evangelos Kranakis (Carleton University, Canada)
 - Pascal Lafourcade (Universite dâ€™Auvergne, France)
 - Jean-Yves Marion (Mines de Nancy, France)
 - Ali Miri (Ryerson University, Canada)
 - Rei Safavi-Naini (Calgary University, Canada)
 - Nadia Tawbi (Universite Laval, Canada)