Professorship in Data Analytics

The University of Basel is promoting the growing area of Data Science 
by establishing a university-wide Data Analytics Center and therefore 
invites applications for a professorship in Data Analytics (open rank).

Your position
-------------
The successful candidate will complement and enhance the research
portfolio of the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science,
contribute to teaching at the undergraduate and graduate level, and 
engage in the establishment and operation of a university-wide Data 
Analytics Center. Interdisciplinary research collaboration with other
departments and affiliated institutions of the Faculty of Science and
other Faculties of the University of Basel is expected.

Your profile
------------
We are seeking candidates with an outstanding research record in the
field of data analytics, machine learning, text and document analysis, 
and/or visual analytics. A strong commitment to excellence in 
undergraduate and graduate teaching is essential.

We offer you
------------
The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science provides excellent
research and teaching conditions and a stimulating academic 
environment. It maintains a wide range of collaborations with other 
departments of the Faculty of Science and affiliated research 
institutions, other Faculties, as well as other universities.

The University of Basel is an equal opportunity and family friendly 
employer committed to excellence through diversity.

Application / Contact
---------------------
Applications, including a curriculum vitae, list of publications 
indicating the five most significant papers, Researcher-ID or ORCID, 
a statement of current and future research plans and names of five 
potential referees should be sent by email (as one .pdf file) to 
Prof. Dr. Martin Spiess, University of Basel, Dean of the Faculty 
of Science, Klingelbergstrasse 50, 4056 Basel, Switzerland, to 
dekanat-philnat@unibas.ch.

For further information contact Prof. Dr. Heiko Schuldt
(heiko.schuldt@unibas.ch). The deadline for receipt of applications 
is December 31, 2018.

www.unibas.ch